---
layout: post
title: "Day 1 — Onboarding & First Goals"
date: 2026-05-26
permalink: /day1.html
tags: ["onboarding", "research"]
---
---
what_i_learned: |
  Today was the first day and or orientation of the Artificial Intelligence Program at Morgan State University. I met my assigned research    team, and the rest of the cohort learning the set basis of the program, artifical intelligence, foundation of the sairi program,            expectations, and many more insightful information. When we break into our group as a whole we were thinking about project goals,           questions, and expectations we had for one another. Super excited to see what this summer has in store for me, what I will learn, growth    and perseverance that I see myself gaining. I really enjoyed today learning was prevalent not only about my cohort, but also learning       from Dr. Mack, Mr. Ballou, and Mr. Adeleke really liked the energy and care they showed. I learned a lot today the synopsis being that      today represented the beginning of something even greater. I was able to get a little coding in which i never did before, learn about my    peers, and laugh. This is a great group of people and I am excited to see what we can all do together this summer.

blockers: |
  I am new to Github, so it was very tenious trying to understand the steps; however I believe I did well for my first time on this app,      and like forward towards getting more comfortable with coding on this app.

reflection: |
  Today was a great day, filled with insights and information. With introductions of my cohort essentially meeting and getting to learn       more about my peers was really encourgaing and needed. It felt so long, but with the information I got time was going by fast. I really     enjoyed the bingo game I was able to learn my peers on a deeper level, and also with people in my assigned project overall today was a      great day, and I am looking forward towards even better day like this. I know this was only the beginning great things are coming from      this artificial intelligence research program. 
  ---
