---
layout: post
title: "Day 2 — Literature Review"
date: 2026-05-27
permalink: /day2.html
tags: ["literature-review", "research"]

what_i_learned: | 

  Day 2 of the SAIRI program was exciting to say the least. The beginning was meant with introductions of the faculty mentor, graduate        student and another introduction of the cohort. As we broke into breakout rooms we met our graduate student and faculty mentor that we     will be working under. We were talking about project  goals, questions, and expectations we had for one another. Super excited to see       what this summer has in store for me, what I will  learn, growth and perseverance that I see myself gaining. I really enjoyed today.        Learning was prevalent not only in my cohort, but also learning from Dr. Mack, Mr. Ballou, and Mr. Adeleke really liked the energy and      care they showed. The synopsis being that today represented the beginning of something even greater. I was able to get a little coding in   which I never did before, learn about my peers, and laugh. This is a great group of people and I am excited to see what we can all do       together this summer. Also with people in my assigned project overall today was a great day, and I am looking forward to an even better     day like this. I also learned alot from Mr, Ballou figma and Dr. Mack’s Python 101 presentations. I learned more about figma and the structures that go into that and severity of perfection, and with the python 101 i left a little more confident of understanding the foundation and fundamental impact coding has, and excited to learn more. I know this was only the beginning, great things are coming from this artificial intelligence research program. 

blockers: | 

  “No blockers!”

reflection: | 

   As I reflect on all I did today from the introduction to workshops presented by Mr, Ballou to Python101 with Dr.Mack. I can say that I left today's session with even more insight, information, and knowledge. With the workshop with Mr.Ballou i was a little confused, however with his guidance and help I was able to grasp the idea of figma and its complexion. In the sense of the Python 101 workshop with Dr.Mack. I came in with little to no knowledge of coding languages so I came in a little scared and or confused. However Dr.Mack explained it easily and confidently. Making us understand that it takes time to get  to the point of success and understand it was only our first day. With great work and dedication I believe that I will be successful in understanding python and being confident to code independently. 
 ---


